---
title: "Absolutely Fried"
date: "2020-08-27"
snippetImageName: "82720snippetAndFull"
fullImageName: "82720snippetAndFull"
fullImageAlt: "Fried Eggs"
tags: ['React Native', 'Firebase']
subtitle: "Exhausted"
snippetText: "Wirting this at 9:30, which is way later than I usually do.  After hours of company and team meetings, I also coded along with another dev team member for hours afterwards.  Zooms started at 1PM, and I'm just now leaving them."

---
<br>
<br>
Wirting this at 9:30, which is way later than I usually do.  After hours of company and team meetings, I also coded along with another dev team member for hours afterwards.  Zooms started at 1PM, and I'm just now leaving them.
<br>
<br>
I plan to quickly checkout the branch of another dev team member before bed, and then have been getting slacks of errors from non-dev members who are frantic, since we're supposed to be launching soon.  I had hoped our critical errors were out, but I'll have to check that too.
<br>
<br>

####The Work
<br>
<br>
Pretty happy with the majority of my feature work today.  Basically, I needed to attach some listeners to all our chat messages, update the contacts, resort for newest messages, and live update read vs unread properties.
<br>
<br>
I had some logic nightmares in it, and they're still there.  I'm pretty sure I caught most of them by the end of it, though.  Confident I'll be able to make a PR tomorrow, and also add a few more features to it as well.
<br>
<br>
Most of the rest of my team hates Firebase, but I don't mind it at all.  If anything, I think the complaints are coming from them structuring it like a SQL DB, and then getting mad when it doesn't act as such.
<br>
<br>
Firebase was absolutely the right call for this project at this current state.  We have/had too many novice coders contributing, and the DB data and structure is constantly changing.  SQL would have handicapped pivoting far too much.
<br>
<br>

####What I Learned
<br>
<br>
I had been feeling pretty lethargic and bad about my contributions, but I absolutely worked to the limit today.
<br>
<br>
