---
title: "Push Notifications"
date: "2020-08-29"
snippetImageName: "82920snippetAndFull"
fullImageName: "82920snippetAndFull"
fullImageAlt: "Hand"
tags: ['React Native', 'Firebase']
subtitle: "Feature Work and Research"
snippetText: "I feel pretty good about the work I got done today.  I decided to work a little lighter, as I had been putting in 10+ hour days for much of this week.  Still, I got a PR in for one of the other feature requests on my sprint, and then started work on the third."

---
<br>
<br>
I feel pretty good about the work I got done today.  I decided to work a little lighter, as I had been putting in 10+ hour days for much of this week.  Still, I got a PR in for one of the other feature requests on my sprint, and then started work on the third.
<br>
<br>

####The Work
<br>
<br>
First, I started with an 'easy' feature change.  It's kind of funny, we often talk about them in those terms during dev meetings, and I recall thinking myself that this would be a quick/easy one.  I guess, in a way, it was.  Still though, you never know what needs to really needs to change until you get into the code and do it.
<br>
<br>
For example, I needed to apply a fairly basic filter to some of our fetches, against a separate slice of our redux store.  Not too bad, just a few lines of logic code in about four separate fetches.
<br>
<br>
Once doing that, though, I realized that the logic we had in place prior was incompatible with the new implementation.  I had to work back and figure out what was going on in some older code, and refactor in a few places as well.  
<br>
<br>
Additionally, I made the decision to swap a DB call for a local persist, and basically cut the amount of what we're persisting in half.  It cuts down big time on the benefit of our persitsted cache, but it simply doesn't work with what we want to do.
<br>
<br>
After I got that going, I decided to start looking into our push notifications.  Another dev who had left the team before I joined the project had begun work on it, but we had turned that off in our master for months now.  I have his branch to look at, but honestly, I think I'm better off working from scratch.
<br>
<br>
I didn't get very far with it, but I'm motivated.  Adding push notifications for an app like ours is excellent experience.
<br>
<br>

####What I Learned
<br>
<br>
Nothings ever as simple as it seems in sprint meetings.
<br>
<br>
